Rename ADPC -> ADNCA (#778)
pharmaverse/aNCA: NEWS.md

# aNCA 0.2.0

## Features added

> * Renamed all ADPC to ADNCA for standardization with CDISC.

Reviewer: suggestion: if I am an user I still would not be sure what you are meaning with this. The news are more for them than for us, so it is better to not give details but still be specific

Just on other nitpicks let's try to: 1) not include a dot at the end, 2) Add the PR so it is easier for them to find more details about it

```suggestion
* Rename all "ADPC" label mentions in the App to "ADNCA", which is the CDISC standard the App promotes (#778)
```
